capital = 1745
primary_culture = misri
culture = mashriqi
culture = bedouin
religion = sunni
civilized = yes
government = colonial_company
plurality = 5.0
nationalvalue = nv_autocracy
literacy = 0.01  
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.01
civilized = yes

# Political reforms
slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

# New Reforms
conscription = four_year_draft
debt_law = peonage
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = primary_culture_only
border_policy = open_borders
centralization = unitary
colonial_policy = no_colonies


ruling_party = "Nobility Faction"
upper_house = {
    fascist = 0
    liberal = 10
    conservative = 72
    reactionary = 18
    anarcho_liberal = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}

govt_flag = {
    government = absolute_monarchy
    flag = theocracy
}

set_country_flag = sunni_country
set_country_flag = exempt_from_vassal_contribution

# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
clipper_design = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
the_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
freedom_of_trade = 1
experimental_railroad = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
mechanical_production = 1
malthusian_thought = 1
basic_chemistry = 1

# Inventions

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "EGY_oob.txt"
